Star Café – Super Retro Cafe with Delicious Tomato Noodle Soup
2013-08-30 00:00:00
[Hong Kong] You cannot imagine the excitement when I finally found this café, this very old-looking place which looks transported back in time to the 1970s. When I watched TVB dramas when I was young, this is the kind of café where Carol Cheng would meet Chow Yun Fatt for breakfast.There are retro Coca Cola posters all around, yellow faded newspaper reviews pasted haphazardly with dried-up tape,  an altar, Nissin noodles cardboard boxes, a square boxy silver television playing the news, rusty weighing machine, a toilet roll hanging out next to the door, a two-door ancient fridge …. Everything is old, old old!If Royston Tan was a Hong Konger, he would make a documentary out of Star Café.Finding Star Café is a challenge. Look out for Dadol Hotel sign, get to Champagne Court beside the Mira Hotel, go to the basement where you will past by a doughy-looking Moon Spring Foot Massage shop.What do people come here for? Tomato noodles.Star Café is famed for their tomato noodles, made with fresh noodles and eggs. The lady boss seemed a little apologetic and I understood in my half-baked Cantonese that the noodles would need at least 10 minutes to prepare. This is Hong Kong mind you – no instant noodles take that long to be served. Not during morning rush hour.When the Tomato Beef Noodles (HK$28, $4.50) was served, I knew I would never look at these ketchup noodles the same way again. Why so delicious?!The bowl of Nissin noodles was covered in bright-red sauce, you know it has to be prepared fresh on-the-spot. The sauce was unexpectedly refreshing, without that extreme sour-tangy aftertaste. Okay, draw-back is that it can get gooey and some may find it tough to stomach that many tomatoes.I actually went back again. Milk tea and ham egg sandwich were superb. How do the Hong Kongers make such simple things taste so good?Star Café 星座冰室
36 Basement Champagne Court Block A 16 Kimberley Road (Next to Mira Hotel)
Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong Tel: +852 2724 4408
MTR: Tsim Sha Tsui (Exit B2)
尖沙咀金巴利道16-20號香檳大廈地庫36號舖
Opening Hour: 8:00am-9:00pmOther Hong Kong Entries
Australian Diary Company (Hong Kong)
Bing Sutt G.O.D Starbucks (Hong Kong)
Mak’s Noodles (Hong Kong)
Tim Ho Wan (Hong Kong)
Ho Hung Kee (Hong Kong)
function crawl takes 13.917941
